hey guys welcome to another toy box
collectibles episode today's toys from
our toy box are the tokidoki cactus
kiddies and used on the blind box I'm
not alone in this episode I actually
have conflict with me so we have two
blind boxes for you guys these are the
cactus kitties like red had mentioned
these are from tokidoki ages 8 and up
there are small parts in these toys so
you can see no babies allowed to play
with these yeah so this blind box run 6
dollars each and when they say blind box
for those of you who do not know it
means that you do not know what you have
inside so you don't know which captive
kitty you are going to get it's actually
a pretty awesome surprise so let's just
check it out yeah let's have you go
first okay
so they come wrapped in these soil type
packaging so you can't see you can feel
what it is but you can't see you what it
is until you open it yeah whoa check out
this little pirate kitty I have a little
parrot parrot yeah this is so cute
look at his little pirate wagon is on
this tell adorable
that is super piercing on his ear let me
go ahead and open up mine and see which
one we have in here hopefully if we
cross our fingers it's not the same yeah
I do want to just go ahead and mention I
notice when you're opening this they
have some little cactus Kitty designs on
this so maybe we will get these type of
kitties
we did we got that it's on the box
this is normal it's the same kitten
that's on the box he has glasses and
rainbow spikes I don't even know is this
just the cool kitty I think it's just a
job look at those shades he has a little
yellow foot on the bottom oh my god
humans are awesome
he's a really nice now I don't know
exactly how many varieties of the
tokidoki cactus kitty line box there can
be but if you guys want to check the
description I will put that information
for you guys so that you can actually
collect them all yourself
yeah hopefully we could get all of them
ourselves collection I hope you guys
enjoyed this let us know if you would
like to see more of these cactus Kitty
blind boxes or if you have any
suggestions for any toys that you think
we would enjoy to collect leave a
comment below thank you guys so much for
watching stay tuned for some more toys
are you a pirate of course I am
I like your eye patch where's my boat
where's my sword my glasses of course I
do
give them to me oh my god yeah